# FOOD_DISTRIBUTOR_SITE_IN_PHP_
FOOD DISTRIBUTOR SITE IN PHP WITH SOURCE CODE        About Project Food Distributor Site project is developed using PHP, JavaScript, Bootstrap, and CSS. Talking about the project, it contains a user and admin side. All the management are done from the admin side like managing users, editing site contents, and settings. From the user side, the users can view Homepage, About us, innovation, market and contact us page. Through this site, a food distributor company can share their product’s details, the company’s detail and the customers can also easily contact the site administrator if he/she wants.  About System Admin has full control of the system, all the functions are to be performed from Admin panel. Here, the user can manage user for the system which means adding and removing users. Another feature is Editing Site contents which contains the welcome address, about us page, innovation page and market page. From this feature, the admin can post site content easily just like posting from a WordPress site. And the other main feature is Site settings. In site settings, the user can edit site name, title, site keywords, site description, google analytics code, site’s email, phone numbers, facebook username, twitter username, address and country.  Features such as Editing site content, user management, and site settings are the most essential feature of a site. And these all features have made management of site easier as the user can change the content and setting any time he/she want rather than opening the whole source code and changing each line of codes. A clean and responsive dashboard is provided in the admin panel for the easy management of the food distributor site. Food Distributor Site in PHP helps in easy management of the site for the company. Design of this project is pretty and responsive so that user won’t find it difficult to understand, use and navigate.     To run this project you must have installed virtual server i.e XAMPP on your pc (for Windows). Food Distributor Site in PHP with source code is free to download, Use for educational purposes only! For the project demo, have a look at the image slider below.  Features:  Admin Panel User Management Edit Site Content Site Settings View products
